# Hackathon
MATCHING OF JOB OPENINGS WITH SKILL DATABASE USING MACHINE LEARNING

Job application’ screening is a challenging and time-consuming task to execute manually. For recruiting companies such as Landing. Jobs it poses constraints on the ability to scale the business. Some systems have been built for assisting recruiters screening applications but they tend to overlook the challenges related with natural language. On the other side, most people nowadays specially in the IT-sector use the Internet to look for jobs, however, given the huge amount of job postings online, it can be complicated for a candidate to short-list the right ones for applying to. In this work we test a collection of Machine Learning algorithms and through the usage of cross-validation we calibrate the most important hyper-parameters of each algorithm. The learning algorithms attempt to learn what makes a successful match between candidate profile and job requirements using for training historical data of selected/reject applications in the screening phase. The features we use for building our models include the similarities between the job requirements and the candidate profile in dimensions such as skills, profession, location and a set of job features which intend to capture the experience level, salary expectations, among others. system in place by simply running the model encoding the profile of all candidates in the database upon any new job opening and recommend the jobs to the candidates which yield higher matching probability.
